#Understand how reselling works at Microsoft

Use the following resources to learn about reselling and partner programs at Microsoft.

##In this section

•Microsoft Partner Network


•Cloud SureStep


•Other partner programs: volume licensing programs, becoming a licensing reseller


•Products, SKUs, and offers


•Pricing


##Microsoft Partner Network

At Microsoft, our partner channel is a huge factor in our success. We believe that investing in our partners is a win in three ways: for us, for our partners, and for customers. For the full span of programs, benefits, and training available to partners, visit the Microsoft Partner Network. 

MPN has additional material about the Cloud Solution Provider program, including incentives and additional ways to get support from Microsoft. Read the CSP program overview.

##Cloud SureStep 

The Cloud SureStep learning path presents building blocks for starting, growing, and optimizing your cloud online services business. This content spans the many Microsoft cloud services, and applies across job functions.

##Other partner programs

The Cloud Solution Provider program is one of several options available at Microsoft for becoming a licensing reseller partner. There is more information about the alternatives here:

Volume licensing programs

Become a licensing reseller

##Products, SKUs, and offers 

In CSP, partners are able to sell the following products: 

•Office 365


•Microsoft Azure 


•Microsoft Dynamics CRM


•Enterprise Mobility Suite 


For each of those products, Microsoft has created many SKUs with different sets of products and features. For a complete list of all SKUs available in CSP, see the details about the offer matrix at CSP agreements, price lists, and offers. 

Partners should also note that many product subscriptions come with additional add-ons, such as additional storage or services. These are also listed in the offer matrix. 

##Pricing

Microsoft releases updated pricing for its license-based content monthly, and pricing updates for usage-based services as they change (sometimes as often as daily). For information about finding the most recent pricing, see CSP agreements, price lists, and offers. 
